added 2 articles about Go and DDD (#67)
teknologi-umum/blog: content/the-basics-of-go.md

date: 2021-11-09
cover: https://www.jeremymorgan.com/images/learn-golang/learn-golang-og.jpg
categories:
  - golang
---

First and foremost, I can't teach this material in Indonesian. So, to understand this article, you should know
at least basic of English. Even if you don't, you can always try Google Translate.

## Short introduction

Go (usually written as Go, but pronounced as Golang) came around in the year of 2009 by Google. It's a compiled,
statically-typed language where unlike Python or Javascript, it directly compiles to machine code and have strict
type declaration for variables and functions.

A few things that I like from Go are:

1. Very easy to install, and its toolings are available for most text editors, even IDE.
2. Very lightweight when compiled to binary (yes, it compiles to a binary format that you can run anywhere)
3. Boring code, meaning the code, whoever it is that wrote it, would be easy to read and understand by anyone.
4. The standard libraries are not as confusing as Node.js or Rust's.
5. Automatic documentation generation for packages.
6. Can be easily decoupled, you can put a single packagee and take out another package without having headaches.

> 

Reviewer: 7. Embedding file inside binary

## Some things to be acknowledged

Like all programming language, the first thing that you should do is to drop how to do things on any other
programming language, but just keep the concept of it.

In Go, most people from Java and PHP might say, "How can this language be good? It doesn't have class keyword,
it can't do OOP!". Well, you're wrong. OOP concepts such as inheritance, encapsulations and others don't really rely

> on the class keyword itself. You can do OOP in Go, but do you really need OOP tho? There are lots and lots of other

Reviewer: Telling about Go's OOP work in [composition manner](https://golangbot.com/inheritance/), m8 be good.

Fun-fact: In an alien language from λ-solar system such Haskell, OCaml and etc, this approach are heavily used but with different name for different paradigm : Typeclass or Functor.

Author: no

Reviewer: oke resolved

So you have to validate the given type of the interface.

```go
func main() {
	var i interface{}

	i = 42
	describe(i)

	i = "hello"
	describe(i)
}

func describe(i interface{}) {
	fmt.Printf("(%v, %T)\n", i, i)
  // Output:
  // (42, int)
  // (hello, string)
}
```

To validate a given type, there are two ways. One, via the type assertion:

```go
var i interface{} = "hello"

s := i.(string)
fmt.Println(s)

s, ok := i.(string)
fmt.Println(s, ok)

f, ok := i.(float64)
fmt.Println(f, ok)
```

Or two, via the type switch:

```go
func do(i interface{}) {
	switch v := i.(type) {
	case int:
		fmt.Printf("Twice %v is %v\n", v, v*2)
	case string:
		fmt.Printf("%q is %v bytes long\n", v, len(v))
	default:
		fmt.Printf("I don't know about type %T!\n", v)
	}
}

func main() {
	do(21)
	do("hello")
	do(true)
}
```

## Error

I want to tell a little story before we go forward. Go's error handling is a bit unique. It's not like C/C++,
where you have to define a custom error type. But it's not like Java, where you have to define a custom exception.
There are no try-catches. And there are no exceptions. But Go has an error type that must be defined explicitly,

> which is called `error`, and means your code will be so verbose. I once had an internal talk on one of the

Reviewer: Go treat error as a value, m8 sound good.

Author: I talk about it on the paragraph below that

```
because in Go, error are just values. You can decorate the error,
and find out what was going on and where the error is without trying to read the stack trace.
```

Reviewer: okeh, nice resolved

Not long after, I told them, "well yeah, you could just do panic()". And they laugh, how can a language be so much
like a developers who would just panic whenever they see an error?

You might don't understand that story, but the point is that you should not be scared or hate the language just
because its error handling is verbose. After a while, I think being able to handle an error programatically
(and with that so much verbose-power) is good, because in Go, error are just values. You can decorate the error,
and find out what was going on and where the error is without trying to read the stack trace.

Here, we're going to use a function from the `strconv` standard library to convert a string into integer.

```go
package main

import (
  "strconv"
  "fmt"
)

func main() {
  i, err := strconv.Atoi("420")
  if err != nil {
    fmt.Println(err)
    return
  }

  fmt.Println(i)
}
```

Seems like no problem right, there won't be any error. But what if the input string is not an number, but it's
a string of "four two oh". It would fail and won't output a valid integer right? That's the error that you as a
developer should handle on your own.

> ## Concurrency

Reviewer: I recommending you to giving bit explanation or referencing about [CSP](http://www.minaandrawos.com/2015/12/06/concurrency-in-golang/), which is the base model of Go's concurrency pattern in order to help they research more for understanding how Go's concurrency works.

Author: no

---
title: The Basics of Go
desc: Learn the basics of Golang in just one single article
author: Reinaldy Rafli
github: aldy505
twitter:
telegram: aldy505
date: 2021-11-09
cover: https://www.jeremymorgan.com/images/learn-golang/learn-golang-og.jpg
categories:
  - golang
---

First and foremost, I can't teach this material in Indonesian. So, to understand this article, you should know
at least basic of English. Even if you don't, you can always try Google Translate.

## Short introduction

Go (usually written as Go, but pronounced as Golang) came around in the year of 2009 by Google. It's a compiled,
statically-typed language where unlike Python or Javascript, it directly compiles to machine code and have strict
type declaration for variables and functions.

A few things that I like from Go are:

> 1. Very easy to install, and its' toolings are available for most text editors, even IDE.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Very easy to install, and its toolings are available for most text editors, even IDE.
```

Author: ok you f nazi

2. Very lightweight when compiled to binary (yes, it compiles to a binary format that you can run anywhere)
3. Boring code, meaning the code, whoever it is that wrote it, would be easy to read and understand by anyone.
4. The standard libraries are not as confusing as Node.js or Rust's.
5. Automatic documentation generation for packages.
6. Can be easily decoupled, you can put a single packagee and take out another package without having headaches.

## Some things to be acknowledged

Like all programming language, the first thing that you should do is to drop how to do things on any other
programming language, but just keep the concept of it.

In Go, most people from Java and PHP might say, "How can this language be good? It doesn't have class keyword,
it can't do OOP!". Well, you're wrong. OOP concepts such as inheritance, encapsulations and others don't really rely
on the class keyword itself. You can do OOP in Go, but do you really need OOP tho? There are lots and lots of other
patterns that you could implement in Go.

If you've seen the formatting of Go, yes, we use the `gofmt` to lint and format the style of Go codes. And yes, all

> of us hate it, because it's opinionated. But, hey, we all also loved it because of that reason. It provides consistency

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of us hate it, because it's opinionated. But hey, we all also love it because of that reason. It provides consistency
```

across projects.

Some problem surrounding Go programming language when it's compared to other programming languages should be ignored
because.. well.. why should we? Language is just tools for us as a software engineers to use. With that being said,
I would like to clarify that Go, might not always be the best language for you to use. It all depends on the project

> that you're handling, it depends on the problem's that you're facing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that you're handling, it depends on the problems that you're facing.
```

It's straightforward:

- Anything that would meant to be public scope (a type, function, variable, or constant) should be named with an uppercase
  on the first character. Example: `func SayHello()`.
- Anything that would meant to be a private scope, should do the opposite of public scope. It should be named with a lowercase
  on the first character. Example: `func sayHello()`.

## Data types

Go has some built-in data types, which I will only mention some of the important ones:

- `bool` - boolean value being either true or false.
- `string` - a string of characters.
- `byte` - byte is an alias for uint8 and is equivalent to uint8 in all ways. It is used, by convention,
  to distinguish byte values from 8-bit unsigned integer values.
- `error` - error built-in interface type is the conventional interface for representing an error condition, with the nil value representing no error.
- `int` - int is a signed integer type that is at least 32 bits in size. It is a distinct type, however,
  and not an alias for, say, int32.
- `uint` - uint is an unsigned integer type that is at least 32 bits in size. It is a distinct type, however, and not an alias for, say, uint32.

## Variables

> There are some way to create a variable in Go:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are some ways to create a variable in Go:
```

```go
package main

func main() {
  // Oh by the way, this is a comment.
  var str string // Declares a variable called str, which holds an empty string

>   // Due to the is equivalent to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  // The declaration above is equivalent to:
```

Author: I was wondering why I wrote this line in the first place yesterday lol, but ok

  // Meaning this is also possible and correct:
  var str string = "Something fishy"

  var str = "Something fishy" // The string type will be infered.

  // Or a shorthand, which will be mostly used.
  str := "Something fishy"

  // You can also declare multiple variables at once.

  var (
    name string = "John"
    age int = 30
  )

  // Or..

  var name, age = "John", 30
  name, age := "John", 30 // Shorthand declaration.
}
```

Go has something called **zero value**. Zero value is the default value of a variable. For example, if you declare a
string type variable, it will have an empty string ("") as the default value. If you declare an integer type variable,
it will have 0 as the default value. And if you declare a boolean type variable, it will have false as the default value.

By default, variables in Go are mutable, meaning you can change the value of it after the declaration. So this is valid:

```go
package main

func main() {
  var str = "Something fishy"
  str = "Something else"
  str = "Oh, I also thought of something else again"
}
```

What if you want it to be immutable? We'll need to use the keyword...

## Constant

> Unlike variables that are mutable, constants are immutable. You can't change the value of it after its' declaration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unlike variables that are mutable, constants are immutable. You can't change the value of it after its declaration.
```

var people = [3]string{"John", "Paul", "George"}

fmt.Println(people[1]) // Paul
```

Slices are like array, but it's a variable-size list of elements of the same type.

```go
var people = []string{"John", "Paul", "George"}

fmt.Println(people[2]) // George
```

Well, what's the difference between array and slices? Simple. They have different capacity size.
If you have an array of string that have a length of 10, you can't add another value on the 10-th index
(as Go array starts from 0). But if you have a slice of string that have a length of 10, you can add
another value on the 10-th index.

Now, you've talked about add another value to a slice. How do we do that? Use `append`.
To know the length of an array? Use `len`. To know the capacity of an array? Use `cap`.

```go
var people = []string{"John", "Paul", "George"}
people = append(people, "Ringo")

fmt.Println(people) // ["John" "Paul" "George" "Ringo"]

var length = len(people) // 4
var capacity = cap(people) // 6
```

Wait, why the capacity of people is 6? Well, I'm not going to explain this right now. But if you're
curious, you can read [this article](https://go.dev/blog/slices-intro#TOC_5.) to know more.

> Maps is like a Dictionary, Vector, Object, or Hash in other languages.

Reviewer 2: I don't think it's similar to Vector. Vector is more similar to Go's slices, a dynamic/resizable/growable array. 

See:
- https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/vec/struct.Vec.html
- https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/container/vector

Author: I'm not talking about Rust or C++ lol, but ok, this might be a bit misleading

```go
var capitalCities = map[string]string{
  "France": "Paris",
  "Italy":  "Rome",
  "Japan":  "Tokyo",
}

fmt.Println(capitalCities["Japan"]) // Tokyo

var phoneNumbers = map[string]int{
  "John":   123456789,
  "Paul":   234567891,
  "George": 345678912,
}

fmt.Println(phoneNumbers["George"]) // 345678912
```

## Functions

> Like all programming languages that ever existed, functions acts like the same. It has a name, want zero or more
> arguments, and return a value. In Go, you can return more than one value to it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Like all programming languages that ever existed, function acts the same. It has a name, zero or more
arguments, and optionally returns a value. In Go, you can return more than one value from it.
```

Author: void is a value

```go
package main

// "fmt" is a standard library.
// Most people use it to format something, as
// it is a formatter package after all.
import "fmt"

> // Calculate will take 2 integer arguments and return
> // a addition of them on the first result
> // and a subtraction of them on the second result.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Calculate will take 2 integer arguments and returns
// the sum of them on the first result
// and the difference of them on the second result.
```

  }

  x++
}
```

### Defer

I want to make this a little separate than the control flow section, because this might be new for some people.

Defer means "I'll execute this function (or code, or whatever) later". It literally is. If something is deferred,
it will be executed after the `return` call, or after the function exits.

```go
func main() {
  defer fmt.Println("This is a defer statement")
  fmt.Println("This is a normal statement")
}

// Output:
// This is a normal statement
// This is a defer statement
```

You can also stack a defer statement like so. It follows Last In First Out (LIFO) order.

```go
func main() {
  defer fmt.Println("This is a defer statement")
  fmt.Println("This is a normal statement")

  defer fmt.Println("This is another defer statement")
  fmt.Println("This is another normal statement")
}

// Output:
// This is a normal statement
// This is another normal statement
// This is another defer statement
// This is a defer statement
```

## Pointers

Oh well, I'm not going to explain what a pointer is and how to use it. That will be another article.

But in Go, you can use the `&` operator to get the address of a variable. This is called a `pointer`.

> And you can get the value of the pointer by using the `*` operator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
And you can get the value of a pointer by using the `*` operator.
```

	case int:
		fmt.Printf("Twice %v is %v\n", v, v*2)
	case string:
		fmt.Printf("%q is %v bytes long\n", v, len(v))
	default:
		fmt.Printf("I don't know about type %T!\n", v)
	}
}

func main() {
	do(21)
	do("hello")
	do(true)
}
```

## Error

I want to tell a little story before we go forward. Go's error handling is a bit unique. It's not like C/C++,
where you have to define a custom error type. But it's not like Java, where you have to define a custom exception.
There are no try-catches. And there are no exceptions. But Go has an error type that must be defined explicitly,
which is called `error`, and means your code will be so verbose. I once had an internal talk on one of the
company that I worked on, and when I explain about why there are `error` on the function signature and how
verbose your code should be, some PHP and C# developers were confused and immediately don't like the language.
Not long after, I told them, "well yeah, you could just do panic()". And they laugh, how can a language be so much
like a developers who would just panic whenever they see an error?

You might don't understand that story, but the point is that you should not be scared or hate the language just

> because its' error handling is verbose. After a while, I think being able to handle an error programatically

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
because its error handling is verbose. After a while, I think being able to handle an error programatically
```

  // otherwise the program will exit immediately
  fmt.Scanln()
}
```

The output of the code above wouldn't be exacly 0 to 4, then 8 to 13. They might overlap each other in a way
that this output would occur.

```
0
1
8
9
2
3
4
10
11
12
```

In the real world, goroutines are used to do multiple things at the same time, background work, or anything
that would require very fast stuffs. A simple example (well at least, for me) is a captcha bot. If you visit
the Teknologi Umum's Telegram group, the first thing that you'd meet is the captcha bot. It does basic
captcha validation for each joined user.

But the question now is, how do you handle that if there are multiple users joining at the same time? On a normal
code, the captcha bot would just wait for each user to solve the captcha, then move to the next user, right?
But is it ideal? What if the second user that's joined just gave a spam message? It would be a total chaos.

So, I came up with this flow:

1. A user joined the group. The captcha bot will send a captcha to the user.
2. The captcha bot calls a function that start a 60 seconds timer for the user to complete the captcha with goroutine.

> 3. If the 60 seconds has passed, and the user haven't solved the captcha, the captcha bot will kick the user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. If 60 seconds has passed, and the user hasn't solved the captcha, the captcha bot will kick the user.
```

Author: Github copilot wrote this, ok?

> 4. Listen to any incoming message by anyone, and if the message was sent by one of the user that need to solve the captcha,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Listen to any incoming message by anyone, and if the message was sent by one of the user that needs to solve the captcha,
```

   we will validate their input.
5. If the user solved the captcha, we will send a message to the user that they have solved the captcha. And remove
   the user's captcha from the list of active captcha.

It's that simple, but effective. An additional use for the goroutine is to automatically delete the message that was sent
by both the user and the bot. The code of the system above is available on [Github](https://github.com/teknologi-umum/captcha/tree/master/captcha).

## Channel

Let's dive about one more thing before we end this article: Channel.

Channel is a way to communicate between goroutines. To use it, simply make a channel of a type, and then

> use the channel as usual. The channel is a type that can be used to send and receive values. Let's see the example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
use the channel as usual. Channel is a type that can be used to send and receive values. Let's see the example
```

code so you won't have to bother with all the technical terms.

```go
package main

func giveValue(c chan string, v string) {
  // This is how you would send a value
  // into a channel.
  //
  // c is an argument variable (see function signature)
  // that holds a channel of string.
  // v is also an argument variable, that's
  // a type of string.
  c <- v
}

func main() {
  c := make(chan string)

  go giveValue(c, "hello")
  go giveValue(c, "world")

  // <-c means we receive a value from the channel c
  // into the result variable.
  //
  // Well, you can also do directly fmt.Println(<-c)
  // but that would confuse you.

>   result := <-c

Reviewer 2: Should probably tell that `<-c` is blocking until it receives a value.

Author: yeah sure

5. Automatic documentation generation for packages.
6. Can be easily decoupled, you can put a single packagee and take out another package without having headaches.
7. Can embed files into the binary build.

## Some things to be acknowledged

Like all programming language, the first thing that you should do is to drop how to do things on any other
programming language, but just keep the concept of it.

In Go, most people from Java and PHP might say, "How can this language be good? It doesn't have class keyword,
it can't do OOP!". Well, you're wrong. OOP concepts such as inheritance, encapsulations and others don't really rely
on the class keyword itself. You can do OOP in Go, but do you really need OOP tho? There are lots and lots of other
patterns that you could implement in Go.

If you've seen the formatting of Go, yes, we use the `gofmt` to lint and format the style of Go codes. And yes, all
of us hate it, because it's opinionated. But hey, we all also love it because of that reason. It provides consistency
across projects.

Some problem surrounding Go programming language when it's compared to other programming languages should be ignored

> because.. well.. why should we? Language is just tools for us as a software engineers to use. With that being said,

Reviewer 3: Language is just a tool

```go
var capitalCities = map[string]string{
  "France": "Paris",
  "Italy":  "Rome",
  "Japan":  "Tokyo",
}

fmt.Println(capitalCities["Japan"]) // Tokyo

var phoneNumbers = map[string]int{
  "John":   123456789,
  "Paul":   234567891,
  "George": 345678912,
}

fmt.Println(phoneNumbers["George"]) // 345678912
```

## Functions

Like all programming languages that ever existed, function acts the same. It has a name, want zero or more
arguments, and return a value (void or empty return is also a value). In Go, you can return more than one value to it.

```go
package main

// "fmt" is a standard library.
// Most people use it to format something, as
// it is a formatter package after all.
import "fmt"

// Calculate will take 2 integer arguments and returns
// the sum of them on the first result
// and the difference of them on the second result.
func calculate(a int, b int) (int, int) {
  return a + b, a - b
}

// Then we can use it like this:
func main() {
  result1, result2 := calculate(10, 5)
  fmt.Println(result1, result2)
}
```

Function also take shorthand if the arguments have the same data type.

```go
func calculate(a, b int) int {
  return x * y
}
```

## Control Flow

> Go is pretty much straightforward as you would see and do in C or even other C-family language.

Reviewer 3: C-family languages

[this section](https://go.dev/doc/faq#no_pointer_arithmetic) is a good read.

## Struct

Dear Javascript developers, struct _is not_ equivalent to Object. But for Typescript developer, a struct is kind of
equivalent to an interface. Or if you come from Rust, struct is kind of equivalent to a struct.

To declare a struct, you use the type keyword. Let's make a struct called Person.

```go
package main

type Person struct {
  Name  string
  Age   int
  Alive bool
}
```

Okay, we've created a struct called Person. How can we instantiate it?

```go
func main() {
  var person = Person{
    Name:  "John Doe",
    Age:   25,
    Alive: true,
  }
}
```

What if I want to create a struct within a struct? Of course, you can. You can create a named struct or an
anonymous struct.

```go
type School struct {
  Name string
  // This is using the named or
  // predefined struct.
  //
  // On this one, it accepts array of
  // Student struct.
  Students []Student
}

type Student struct {
  ID      int64
  Name    string
  // This is the anonymous struct
  Classes []struct {
    ID    int64
    Score int
  }
}
```

> Okay, that sounds complex. What if I only have a few value that I can put into the struct? Sure, you can

Reviewer 3: What if you

define an interface with a set of methods. Let's make an interface called `Speaker`.

```go
type Speaker interface {
  SayHello()
  SayGoodbye()
}
```

You can make a struct that implements the interface. So, this is kind of what you'd expect when you're asking
"oh no, I love OOP, why don't Go has OOP?". Listen here you little brat, OOP doesn't depend on whether the language
have a "class" keyword or not. OOP is just a way of thinking about things. Not merely a specific way of doing things.

Okay, let's end that rant. Let's make a struct called `Person` that implements the `Speaker` interface.

```go
type Person struct {
  Name string
}

func (p Person) SayHello() {
  fmt.Println("Hello, my name is", p.Name)
}

func (p Person) SayGoodbye() {
  fmt.Println("Goodbye, my name is", p.Name)
}

func main() {
  var speaker = Speaker
  speaker = Person{Name: "John Doe"}
  speaker.SayHello()
  speaker.SayGoodbye()
}
```

Interface could be empty. So, you can make an interface that has no methods. This is the equivalent of `any` (that
means literally a type of anything), and might be useful when you're dealing with things that you don't know.

> But is it couraged to do so? No. You should be careful with interfaces. Go is not a dynamically typed language.

Reviewer 3: encouraged

So you have to validate the given type of the interface.

```go
func main() {

> 	var i interface{}

Reviewer 3: use spaces

	i = 42
	describe(i)

	i = "hello"
	describe(i)
}

func describe(i interface{}) {
	fmt.Printf("(%v, %T)\n", i, i)
  // Output:
  // (42, int)
  // (hello, string)
}
```

To validate a given type, there are two ways. One, via the type assertion:

```go
var i interface{} = "hello"

s := i.(string)
fmt.Println(s)

s, ok := i.(string)
fmt.Println(s, ok)

f, ok := i.(float64)
fmt.Println(f, ok)
```

Or two, via the type switch:

```go
func do(i interface{}) {
	switch v := i.(type) {
	case int:
		fmt.Printf("Twice %v is %v\n", v, v*2)
	case string:
		fmt.Printf("%q is %v bytes long\n", v, len(v))
	default:
		fmt.Printf("I don't know about type %T!\n", v)
	}
}

func main() {
	do(21)
	do("hello")
	do(true)
}
```

## Error

I want to tell a little story before we go forward. Go's error handling is a bit unique. It's not like C/C++,
where you have to define a custom error type. But it's not like Java, where you have to define a custom exception.

> There are no try-catches. And there are no exceptions. But Go has an error type that must be defined explicitly,

Reviewer 3: try-catch blocks

which is called `error`, and means your code will be so verbose. I once had an internal talk on one of the
company that I worked on, and when I explain about why there are `error` on the function signature and how
verbose your code should be, some PHP and C# developers were confused and immediately don't like the language.

> Not long after, I told them, "well yeah, you could just do panic()". And they laugh, "how can a language be so much

Reviewer 3: they laughed

like a developers who would just panic whenever they see an error?"

> You might don't understand that story, but the point is that you should not be scared or hate the language just

Reviewer 3: You might not

because its error handling is verbose. After a while, I think being able to handle an error programatically

> (and with that so much verbose-power) is good, because in Go, error are just values. You can decorate the error,

Reviewer 3: errors are just values

and find out what was going on and where the error is without trying to read the stack trace.

Here, we're going to use a function from the `strconv` standard library to convert a string into integer.

```go
package main

import (
  "strconv"
  "fmt"
)

func main() {
  i, err := strconv.Atoi("420")
  if err != nil {
    fmt.Println(err)
    return
  }

  fmt.Println(i)
}
```

Seems like no problem right, there won't be any error. But what if the input string is not an number, but it's
a string of "four two oh". It would fail and won't output a valid integer right? That's the error that you as a
developer should handle on your own.

## Concurrency

Concurrency might be something that you are familiar with if you're coming from Kotlin or other languages that

> have a coroutine. Conccurency is a way to run multiple task simultaneously, maximizing the performance

Reviewer 3: have coroutines.

Concurrency

multiple tasks

of the multi-core CPU of your computer. In a way, it's different than parallelism, which is a way to run

> multiple task at the same time. I found an image to describe the difference between them that I think would

Reviewer 3: multiple tasks

and what's not.

```go
package main

import (
  "fmt"
  "time"
)

// Count will count from n to n+5
func count(n int) {
  for i := n; i < n+5; i++ {
    time.Sleep(500) // Sleep for 500 ms
    fmt.Println(i)
  }
}
func main() {
  go count(0)
  go count(8)
  // We need something to hold the main thread,
  // otherwise the program will exit immediately
  fmt.Scanln()
}
```

The output of the code above wouldn't be exacly 0 to 4, then 8 to 13. They might overlap each other in a way
that this output would occur.

```
0
1
8
9
2
3
4
10
11
12
```

In the real world, goroutines are used to do multiple things at the same time, background work, or anything
that would require very fast stuffs. A simple example (well at least, for me) is a captcha bot. If you visit
the Teknologi Umum's Telegram group, the first thing that you'd meet is the captcha bot. It does basic
captcha validation for each joined user.

But the question now is, how do you handle that if there are multiple users joining at the same time? On a normal
code, the captcha bot would just wait for each user to solve the captcha, then move to the next user, right?

> But is it ideal? What if the second user that's joined just gave a spam message? It would be a total chaos.

Reviewer 3: second user who joined
